In recent days, Investor's Corner has highlighted some investing myths that need to be shattered.

They include the idea of buying a stock on the way down in price so that your average cost goes lower, and that you can always make money only by buying low, selling high.

Today, the myth that a growth investor should never fall for is the false promise of riches from penny shares.

You've probably received at least one email that read something like: "Invest Now In Acme Gadgets While You Can Still Get It For $1." "The Stock Looks Set To Explode ... Small Fortunes Could Be Made By Those Who Get In Now!!!"

The idea of making big returns on what seems like a sure bet can be tempting. And people sometimes do get lucky buying so-called penny stocks.

But purchasing such stocks carries an unusual amount of risk. This is why IBD focuses on high-quality, more expensive stocks that are priced at least 10 a share and trade 400,000 shares a day.

Penny stocks are extra-risky because they're volatile: A handful of investors trading even a small block of shares can send their prices swinging wildly. Institutional investors tend to avoid such stocks because it's hard to build and exit substantial positions when so few shares are traded.

Big funds have millions, even billions of dollars to invest. So they naturally prefer to buy more liquid stocks and build positions over time. This lends an element of stability and predictability to a stock's price movement.

Note that the average price of stocks in the IBD 50 is high. Most have buy points that are in the $20 range or higher, and in many cases much higher. On Jan. 25, 2012, Apple (AAPL) broke out above a 427.85 buy point; in less than 11 weeks, the iPhone and iMac maker rallied 51% to reach a peak of 644 on April 10 before going into correction mode, building a new base.

See the accompanying table? It shows gains by high-quality stocks in the course of a few months following their breakouts. Apple wasn't alone in staging solid gains following breakouts at "high prices" during the early part of 2012.

On Feb. 13, 2012, Priceline Group (PCLN) jumped out of a long consolidation with a handle buy point of 549.10. By mid-April, the stock jumped to a high of 774.96, up 41%. Later that year, the stock almost did a round trip of those big gains. But the online travel giant broke out again in 2013, breaking through the 1,000 barrier. Today, the stock holds near 1,445 a share.

Stocks such as Apple that sell for high prices and enjoy strong institutional sponsorship have an added benefit: They're much less vulnerable to "pump-and-dump" or "boiler room" scams.

The two are similar in that they involve salespeople using dishonest, high-pressure or even fraudulent sales tactics to prod victims to buy stocks that the salespeople own. They do this either via email solicitations or over the phone.

The salespeople usually say they've got a "hot tip" or other inside information that will send the stock soaring.

When new buyers jump in and the stock price soars, the salespeople sell, reaping big profits for themselves and saddling latecomers with huge losses.

In some cases, the stock is worthless or didn't even exist.

Many scammers are based overseas, where oversight may not be as strict. In one recent case, Thai police working with Interpol and the FBI arrested 20 foreigners -- Americans, Britons, Canadians and Australians -- at a boiler room in Bangkok in April 2011. The police found scripts for telephone conversations to use to persuade the victims, most of whom were New Zealanders and Australians.

It's believed the operation had defrauded victims out of more than $3 million.

So when you go looking for stocks to buy, remember the old adage: You get what you pay for.

Crushing The Myth That "It's OK To Buy A Stock On The Dips"

Investing Myth: You Must Always Buy Low, Sell High